DOCS-9680 Commerce Cloud Shop Connector (#1184)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: commerce-cloud-shop-api/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

> = Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector - Mule 4

Reviewer: Be sure that this title uses the one and only decided-upon short name.

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

> Anypoint Connector for Salesforce Commerce Cloud B2C Shop APIs (B2C Shop Connector) enables a client to interact with the Commerce Cloud B2C API system as a shop customer, or as an agent shopping on behalf of a customer.

Reviewer: ditto prev; stopping now. I mean it this time. Really.

Reviewer: BTW, the only "commerce cloud" entry we have in the term presentation ref. is the following, so...let me know what y'all decide about this, 'kay?

MuleSoft Accelerator for B2C Commerce Cloud
(no approved short form yet)

Reviewer: Minus the above considerations...:
```suggestion
Anypoint Connector for Salesforce Commerce Cloud B2C Shop APIs (B2C Shop Connector) enables a client to interact with the Commerce Cloud B2C API system as either a shop customer or as an agent shopping on behalf of a customer.
```

For information about compatibility and fixed issues, see Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector Release Notes. 

== Prerequisites

To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

* https://developer.commercecloud.com/s/commerce-api-apis[Salesforce Commerce Cloud Shop API]
* Anypoint Connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements and global elements in a Mule flow
* How to create a Mule app using Anypoint Studio

Before creating an app, you must have access to:

* The Commerce Cloud B2C Shop Connector target resource
* Anypoint Platform
* Anypoint Studio version 7.1 or later

> * Commerce cloud credentials such as Client Id, Client Secret, Scopes to access Shop API which the user needs to get from the Salesforce team

Reviewer: Please verify all capitalizations.
Also...are these "credentials" or "roles" (in other words, names=init. cap.)
Aside from the above...:
```suggestion
* Salesforce-provided Commerce Cloud credentials (such as Client Id, Client Secret, or Scopes) necessary to access Shop API.
```

> == Common Use Cases For the Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Common Use Cases for the Connector
```
Chicago tab, https://capitalizemytitle.com/style/Chicago/

> These are some common use cases for B2C Shop Connector:

Reviewer: I would call these "uses" rather than "use cases," because there's not much of a "case" involved in these simple actions....

* Create a basket
* Add items to a basket
* Add shipping details 
* Place an order

Check the xref:shop-api-connector-examples.adoc[Examples] for a simple use case.

== Audience

* New user
+
To create your Mule app, see:

* xref:shop-api-connector-studio.adoc[Use Studio to Configure Commerce Cloud B2C Connector]

> * xref:shop-api-connector-examples.adoc[Examples], with use case information for the connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:shop-api-connector-examples.adoc[Examples]
```

+
* Advanced user
+
* Read the following: 

* xref:shop-api-connector-xml-maven.adoc[XML and Maven Support]

> * xref:shop-api-connector-examples.adoc[Examples], with use case information for the connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:shop-api-connector-examples.adoc[Examples]
```

== Connection Types

> B2C Shop Connector connections can use the following authentication types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B2C Shop Connector connections use the following authentication types:
```
